en: refactor monitoring docs (#1020)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/get-started.md

The default username and password in Grafana are both `admin`.

> For more information about monitoring the TiDB cluster in TiDB Operator, refer to [Monitor a TiDB Cluster Using TidbMonitor](monitor-a-tidb-cluster.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about monitoring the TiDB cluster in TiDB Operator, refer to [Deploy Monitoring and Alerts for a TiDB Cluster](monitor-a-tidb-cluster.md).
```
